	       BSF (Bremsstrahlung Shape Function) Code
		      Brief Description of Files


			     Lynn Kissel
		  Computational Physics Group, L-59
	       Lawrence Livermore National Laboratories
		     Livermore, California 94551

			 phone: (510)423-7940
			  fax: (510)423-7228
		       e-mail: lkissel@llnl.gov

			    April 27, 1994


Thank you for your interest in our atomic-field bremsstrahlung data.
The BSF program computes the bremsstrahlung shape function and energy
spectrum to an estimated accuracy of 10% or better for 2<Z<92, for
electron kinetic energy of 1-500 keV. An earlier version of this code
was used to produce the tables in Kissel, Quarles and Pratt, Atomic
Data and Nuclear Data Tables 28, 381 (1983).

Primary BSF files:

  BSF.FOR - bremsstrahlung shape function source code. This code is
    written to conform to ANSI-standard Fortran 77. It has compiled
    and run under VMS on a VAX, and Lehay Fortran on an IBM-compatible
    PC. Professor Quarles at Texas Christian University is responsible
    for the internal algorithms. BSF reads input from the user (on the
    default input device), and from the files ESPEC.DAT and
    BMDATA.DAT. It outputs its results to the user (on the default
    output device) and to the file BSF.OUT.

  ESPEC.DAT - energy-spectrum benchmark data.

  BMDATA.DAT - shape-function-fit benchmark data.

  bsf.fm - FrameMaker document (binary) containing a formatted copy of
    this information.

  README - plain-text ASCII file containing this information.

Unix-specific files:

  Makefile - Unix make file; use the command make with no arguments to
    compile and link the BSF executable, and run the sample problem.

  bsf.f - BSF source code for Unix systems. It has been tested under
    SunOS 4.1.3.

  espec.dat - copy of ESPEC.DAT with the explicit carriage returns
    removed.

  bmdata.dat - copy of BMDATA.DAT with the explicit carriage returns
    removed.

  bsftst1.inp - input parameters for sample problem.

  bsftst1.log - diagnostic output for sample problem.

  bsftst1.out - reference tables output by sample problem.

MSDOS-specific files:

  BSF.EXE - MS-DOS executable file. A NDP chip (Numeric Data Processor
    chip, i.e., 8087/ 80287/80387) is required for execution of this
    file.

  BSFTST.BAT - MS-DOS batch procedure which runs a sample problem.

  BSFTST.INP - input parameters for use with BSFTST.BAT.

  BSFTST.OUT - tables output from the BSFTST.BAT sample problem.

  BSFTST.LOG - log file of the BSFTST.BAT sample problem.

VMS-specific files:

  BSFTST.COM - command procedure to compile, link and run sample
    problem.
